This file contains our results and conclusion for each subquestion (same as in the project planning document):

Subquestion 1:
  From the Spearman test showing a negative correlation (-0.298), the Chi-Square test showing that certain age groups use specific platforms
  more (75.667), along with the figures of the raw and normalized contingency tables and daily SM use, we can see that they all imply that
  there is a notable difference in the SM use between age groups. Specifically, younger groups make relatively a lot more use of SM and
  often use more and a larger variety of platforms, compared to older age groups.

Subquestion 2:
  Both the moderately negative Spearman value (0.228), along with the relatively large H-statistic of the Kruskal-Wallis test (58.031),
  imply that younger age groups more often report higher scores on the MH questions. This is further supported by the boxplot figure, 
  showing that all three quartiles average out higher than older age groups.

Subquestion 3:
 Countries:
  Countries with low social media exposure generally clustered around lower mental health prevalence, while countries with
  medium to high showed slightly higher average mental health prevalence. However, there is substantial overlap between the clusters,
  indicating that counties with similar levels of social media use can still differ considerably in mental health outcomes. K-means
  clustering test suggests a possible association between higher social media exposure and mental health prevalence, but does not provide
  strong evidence for clear and causal relationship. The linear regression analysis showed a slight positive relationship between social
  media share and mental health prevalence, as indicated with the positive slope. Due to the data points being widely scattered around the
  regression line, the association is rather weak. This  means that the exposure explains only a small part of the variation outcomes between
  countries. Therefore, while the regression is positive the relationship is not strong enough to draw a conclusion. Spearman correlation 
  coefficient (ρ) = 0.277. Indicating that countries with higher social media exposure tend to show slightly higher mental health prevalence,
  however the strength of the association is limited.

 Continent:
  Overall, Europe, North America and South America have relatively higher levels of mental disorder compared to Asia, Africa and Oceania.
  South America shows the highest DALYs  rate（Disability-Adjusted Life Years）of mental disorders. Except for Africa, all continents have a
  high share of social media users, and South America has the highest number. For each continent, bootstrap resampling is used to estimate the
  mean and its 95% confidence interval. a two-sample Kolmogorov–Smirnov (KS) test is applied only to continent pairs whose confidence intervals
  overlapped, in order to test whether their distributions differ.For mental disorders, the KS tests show statistically significant distributional
  differences for the pairs Europe vs North America,, Asia vs Africa, and Africa vs Oceania. For social media usage, however, only the comparison between
  Europe and North America shows a statistically significant difference. These results suggest that different continents differ significantly in mental
  health outcomes, whereas differences in social media usage are weaker excluding the clear disparity with Africa.

Subquestion 4:
  Using the datasets for the change in number of social media users and the change of mental health disorders within countries, the Mann-Whitney U test
  (both our implementation as the implementation in scipy.stats) failed to reject the null hypothesis due to the Z-score for α = 0.05 being within the acceptance
  interval (|z| = 0.52 < 1.96). This is probably due the dataset for the mental health changes being too small; the dataset consists of 152 countries and misses
  countries that could influence the final results, such as the US and the UK. Our graph shows the distribution of mental health changes between fast and slow
  social media uptake countries. 
